README.md, before:

# Carly Backnd with Nest.js


<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/WebStorm-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=WebStorm&logoColor=white" alt="Webstorm Badge">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white" alt="Docker Badge" >
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node%20js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white" alt="Node.js Badge">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-CB3837?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white" alt="NPM Badge">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white" alt="TypeScript Badge">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/nestjs-E0234E?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white" alt="Nest.js Badge">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Sqlite-003B57?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white" alt="Sqlite Badge">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" alt="PostgreSQL Badge">


![Carly Thumbnail](./readme/Thumbnail.png)

## Introduction
Carly is a project that I've designed for my mentees to gain more professional and real-world experience in frontend development. This project is the backend of Carly that can be cloned and run easily on a local system, so the mentees can test all the features of their frontend project. 

## Installation

### Option 1 - NPM
If you're new to backend development and not familiar with Docker, this is the best option. So clone the project and just run the installation command as follows:

```bash
npm install

# Run in Development Mode
npm run start:dev

# Run in Production Mode
npm run start:prod
```

### Option 2 - Docker
If you're familiar with Docker and have some experience already, this is the best option. Docker makes projects more organized and easier to maintain. So after installing Docker on your system, clone the project and enter following commands:

```bash
# Run in Development Mode
docker-compose -f docker-compose.dev.yml up --build

# Run in Development Mode
docker-compose up --build
```

Commit message:

Switch to yarn and some cleanings.

README.md, after:

# Carly Backnd with Nest.js


<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/WebStorm-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=WebStorm&logoColor=white" alt="Webstorm Badge">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white" alt="Docker Badge" >
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node%20js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white" alt="Node.js Badge">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-CB3837?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white" alt="NPM Badge">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Yarn-2C8EBB?style=for-the-badge&logo=yarn&logoColor=white" alt="NPM Badge">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white" alt="TypeScript Badge">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/nestjs-E0234E?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white" alt="Nest.js Badge">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Sqlite-003B57?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white" alt="Sqlite Badge">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" alt="PostgreSQL Badge">


![Carly Thumbnail](./readme/Thumbnail.png)

## Introduction
Carly is a project that I've designed for my mentees to gain more professional and real-world experience in frontend development. This project is the backend of Carly that can be cloned and run easily on a local system, so the mentees can test all the features of their frontend project. 

## Installation

### Option 1 - NPM
If you're new to backend development and not familiar with Docker, this is the best option. So clone the project and just run the installation command as follows:

```bash
npm install

# Run in Development Mode
npm run start:dev

# Run in Production Mode
npm run start:prod
npm start
```

### Option 2 - Yarn
Personaly, I've faced some issues using NPM during the last couple of years, So I prefer yarn to NPM. The commands are as follows:
```bash
yarn install

# Run in Development Mode
yarn run start:dev

# Run in Production Mode
yarn run start:prod
yarn start
```
### Option 3 - Docker
If you're familiar with Docker and have some experience already, this is the best option. Docker makes projects more organized and easier to maintain. So after installing Docker on your system, clone the project and enter following commands:

```bash
# Run in Development Mode
docker-compose -f docker-compose.dev.yml up --build

# Run in Development Mode
docker-compose up --build
```
